NMS-13759: Split asset topology provider docs (#3997)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/operation/pages/topology/asset-topology-provider/configuration.adoc

= Configuration

The Asset Topology Provider persists both the asset topology graph definitions and the generated GraphML graphs.
The persisted definitions mean that it is possible to regenerate graphs without reentering the configuration if the asset table changes.

The Asset Topology Provider persists GraphML graphs alongside any other GraphML graphs in the directory.

[source, path]
----
${OPENNMS_HOME}/etc/graphml
----

Note that if you use REST or any other means to generate other GraphML graphs, you should ensure that the providerIds and labels are distinct from those the Asset Topology Provider uses.

The asset graph definitions for the Asset Topology Provider are persisted to the following xml configuration file:

[source, path]
----
${OPENNMS_HOME}/etc/org.opennms.features.topology.plugins.topo.asset.xml
----

> Normally you should not edit this file directly but use the Karaf console or events to define new graphs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TIP: Normally you should use the Karaf console or events to define new graphs and not edit this file directly.
```
